After learning the basics of the Data Analysis Expressions, it's now time to categorize our data,
let's see what it is and why this might be important.
So the data categorization is important in our case especially in our DIM-Region table.
As you saw in the initial project in the first module, we are able to present our data for different
regions in Power BI.
Now to make sure that Power BI understands that certain values are countries or regions,
you have to make sure to tell Power BI that. To do this, I am back in the data view
and in the DIM-Region table and here I will now select the country column, right here. In the modeling
ribbon,
you can now find the data type which is a text.
This is fine and
this is not a problem.
The same thing is true for the format,
this is a text,
this is also not a problem but at the moment, it's only text
so how would Power BI know that this is a country?
The answer is simple.
If you go to the properties area right here and change the category from uncategorized to country
in that case, then you make sure that Power BI understands that this column includes countries and
you can do the same thing if you click onto the region name right here, go again to data category and define
that as continent.
So the same logic that we just had.
So this is the important thing about the data categorization, of course you cannot only apply that to countries,
if you look with that list, you have multiple options on what things you have to define to make sure
that Power BI reads the data the right way.
In our case, this is correct for a moment,
so we are done with our data categorization and there are only two things again that we have to do.
The first thing is the module summary
and let's think about what we learned in the next video.